---
title: Porn Run
author: Justin Parks
layout: post
date: 2010-03-10T08:01:16+00:00
url: /2010/03/10/porn-run/
hovertext:
  - ""
categories:
  - Chipmunk Bay
characters:
  - jacob
  - karen
  - watterson
comic: 200100310.png 
tags:
  - porn
  - parenting
---
### Bonus panel idea:
But yeah, he'll TOTALLY have sex before Kaigon ever does.


A few of you (including my wife) have commented that my strip has taken a somewhat darker and more sexual themed turn since my hiatus. I blow up a cat, I&#8217;ve covered the room / characters in blood on at least 7 separate strips, discuss penis sizes, talk about porn, kill a girl who was talking about having sex, lit her on fire, chopped up her body and buried her in a cat&#8217;s grave, and now I have a little kid hanging around a porn shop. The comments are all still positive, just more that they&#8217;re surprised to see my strip take this turn. 

I&#8217;m kind of surprised that anyone thinks the strip HAS taken a turn towards the darker side though. This strip has ALWAYS been full of dark humor and sexual references.

Before my hiatus, I talked about porn, killed a character, lit him on fire, shot his charred remains out of a cannon, talked about small penises, revealed that a little kid was straight up forgotten for five years by his parents, and inferred that that same little kid glued himself to Shawn&#8217;s porno watching chair with used Vaseline while they read the title to Backdoor Nymphomaniacs 10.

Maybe it&#8217;s just more rapid fire now. Before there were cute alien kidnappings or slave prisoner clones or vaguely offensive religious jokes sprinkled in between. 

By the way, it&#8217;s probably for the best that I&#8217;m not running Google Ad Sense yet&#8230; I can only imagine the sort of ads that would be popping up right about now.